then I burnt myself oh hi there so guys
today I'm going to be showing you two
really quick and easy DIYs to make your
very own springtime necklaces will
you'll be needing for the first one
watches a ribbon preferably pink and
scissors so we're going to place our
ribbon there and we're going to take our
first wash up here and we're going to
feed the ribbon through the washer
we're going to take on next workshop
we're going to feed the ribbon
three in the washer like we did with the
first right try and bring it as close to
the first one is possibly going to go
under this second one put and you're
going to feed the ribbon back through
the first washer I'm going to pull it
through really tight you must then go
through the second quarter
and there we go we move on to the next
one
feed it through the previous one
the top washer and our necklace is going
to be like that filled with nauseous
now part about making your own necklace
is that you can make however long you
want it is full up to you let's carry on
how pretty and then we have it and then
you just place it around your neck and
tie a little boat with the remainder of
the rhythm
now this second necklace is a little bit
more time consuming but it's still very
easy all in all though what you'll be
needing for this one some felt damn
color thread and needles chain a glue
gun with a glue stick already inside a
pencil and some vintage buttons the
first things first is we're going to lie
out our felt I've got all my vintage
buttons here and what I'm going to do is
win a place in the way that I would like
them to be on my necklace so that's the
shape that I would like now I forgot to
mention that you will also be leaving
scissors I'm going to take a pencil and
you're going to lightly outline ok so my
normal council wasn't working so I've
just gone and fetched this coloring
pencil hopefully this will show up on
the phone not showing up either oh I'm
just going to take the scissors and
recklessly cut without lining plane
there's a really bad outline cut out
here comes the hot glue gun now do be
careful because it's very hot and you
could burn yourself and put a dab of
glue on the back of the bus
place it so with r1 by r1
let's get cracking
and there we go I'm gonna pick these
dreamy bits of blue wall and then i'm
going to get my scissors and I'm just
like wrapped in a year what we're going
to do is I've taken some thread I like
to tie it up at the bottom I'm going to
get a chain and I've already measured
around my neck how far I want the chain
to be it actually flip this over going
to measure more letter you would like a
tree to grow and what we're going to do
is we're going to take our needle and
our thread and we're going to sew the
chain onto the back of the necklace I'm
just going to put it through one of the
through and over back to the same side
through over now what I'm doing is I'm
going not through the chain right under
the chain and that way we're going to
make sure that it stays in place
to cut my thread off of the needle I'm
going to cut that off after four we're
just going to do the same on the side
and sewed there and there and you're
just going to pop it on your neck after
cutting these two things and it will
look like this
if you enjoyed this video don't forget
to hit the thumbs up button because it
helps me out a lot and do subscribe to
my channel for more videos coming soon
thanks for watching bye